Seeds of Faith: A Prayer to Sublime Beings Homage to the gurus. The culmination of relinquishment and realization is peace, the dharmadhātu; The blazing glory of the major and minor marks, saṃbhogakāyas of great bliss; The dance of nirmāṇakāyas, in harmony with the temperaments of beings to be tamed- I supplicate the ocean of guides of the three kāyas! Fourth lamp of the fortunate eon, crown of the Śākyas, Ajita, Mañjuśrī, Vajrapāṇi, Avalokiteśvara, Lake-Born Vajra, and so on- I supplicate the victors and their heirs! The sixteen arhats, seven patriarchs, Six ornaments, three ācāryas, eight awareness-holders, Eighty-four mighty yogis, and so on- I supplicate the learned and accomplished masters of the noble land of India! Nyingmapas, founders of the teachings in the Land of Snows, Sakyapas, propagators of the entirety of the teachings, Kadampas, source of myriads of teachers- I supplicate the virtuous guides and their lineages! Kagyupas, with the direct path of peerless accomplishment, Butön and Dolpopa, masters of profound and vast classes of tantra, Tsongkhapa, Mañjughoṣa incarnate, Sun of the Dharma- I supplicate the lineage holders and their disciples! Likewise, the lineages of pramāṇa, Vinaya, Abhidharma, Prajñāpāramitā, Madhyamaka, pacification, severing, and so on- I supplicate the great holders of the teachings of scripture and realization Based on knowledge and accomplishment! In particular, all the masters of the successive lineages, From the supreme teacher until now, Combined in the form unifying all of their wisdom- I supplicate at the feet of my root teacher! Thus, by the power of supplicating with unshakeable devotion, With renunciation for cyclic existence, without being attached to peace and bliss, Through love, compassion, and the twofold bodhicitta- Please grant your blessings to engage in bodhisattva conduct! May I bring disciplined study, reflection, and meditation to completion, Ripen my mindstream through empowerment, and keep samaya commitments completely pure! Grant your blessings to accomplish the timeless wisdom of unity Of the paths of training and no more training arising from the two stages! May this supplication by Jamyang Khyentse Wangpo, whose pure perception toward the teachings of all traditions without bias has fully blossomed, be virtuous and excellent! May it be virtuous! 
